There are still a couple of things we have to do around our sign up route handler so we have to go through
that password hashing.
We need to make sure that we generate a cookie or JSON web token.
We also need to make sure that we resolve or fix up this if statement check right here.
Let's take care of that really quickly.
So in this if statement check, we're checking to see if there is already some existing user inside
of our database with the same email.
At present we are just doing a console log and then sending back an empty object and that's not really
appropriate.
If a existing user already exists, we need to somehow tell the person who made this request exactly
why their request failed.
So we're going to do this in the same way that we've been doing air handling already in all those previous
videos.
We're going to create a new kind of custom air.
And then rather than trying to send back some message or response rate here manually, we're going to
instead throw that air.
So let me show you what I would like to be able to eventually do.
This is this would be an ideal scenario if there is an existing user.
I want to be able to do something like throw a new bad request air.
And then provide a string to tell the user exactly what went wrong.
So in this case I would provide a string that would say something like email in use or something like
that.
That would be ideal.
We do not have a custom error called bad request error just yet.
So we're going to be building that inside this video.
This bad request error, custom error that we're going to put together is going to be a very general
use error.
We're going to be making use of this customer quite a bit throughout the remainder of this course.
We're going to use it just about any time that something goes wrong inside of a request handler due
to some input that a user gave us.
This is a different kind of custom error compared to one that we put together already that's somewhat
similar.
So remember, we put together a request validation error.
Already the goal of this custom error was to handle output from express validator.
That was exactly and only what this error was supposed to handle.
So this new customer we're going to put together called Battery Quest here is a much more general purpose
error.
We're going to throw it any time just about anything goes wrong if we don't have some reason to make
a more general use case thing.
So let's create this new battery cluster.
We're going to get started by finding our air's directory and making a new file inside there called
Bad Request Airports.
If you do not recall how to put a custom air together, even though we spent a pretty good amount of
time on it just a little bit ago, remember the general rule of thumb?
All you have to do here is import that custom air abstract class.
You are going to create a new class.
You're going to extend custom air, and then TypeScript is going to jump in and tell you how to proceed
from there.
Let me show you exactly how that would happen.
At the top of Battery Quest here.
I will import custom air from.
Customer.
I'll then export a new class called Bad Request.
Air and it's going to be extending.
Customer.
And so we can see right away that TypeScript is going to jump in and it's going to tell us everything
we have to do to actually implement this, to measure.
So we need to define that serialized method.
We also need to define that status code property.
Let's get started with status code.
So I'm going to set up a status code.
We're going to say that if any general error occurs due to some requests that a user is sending us,
we're going to send back a response with the status code of 400.
We can now hover over the constructor or the class name once again, and now it's telling us, okay,
you took care of status code, but now you need to take care of serialize errors.
So I'm going to put inside of here serialize errors.
Then TypeScript is going to jump in once again and say, all right, well, you got this method, but
you did not define it correctly.
You need to make sure that you return an array of objects where each object has a message and possibly
a field.
So to make that go away, we would return an array of objects where each object has at least a message
like so.
Okay.
So that would definitely get us at least one step closer.
But remember what I said about how we actually want to implement this when we throw this there?
I want to provide some message right here, and I want that message to go back to whoever actually sent
that request to us.
So I really want to take that string.
And display it right there.
I want it to go back in the response that gets sent back to the user.
So we need to make sure that when we throw this error, we capture that string by defining the constructor
method and save a reference to that string.
We can then.
Reference that string right there as the message property.
Long story short, we just need to define a constructor and receive that message.
So I'm going to define my constructor.
I'm going to set up a.
Property that we'll call message.
That's going to be a string.
Inside of here.
We're going to call super with this message.
And I'm getting a little bit of an error here.
It's just because I'm trying to reference this message technically.
Remember, we put public on there, it's going TypeScript is going to automatically take this property
or this argument and save it as a property to our instance of bad request error.
If we try to reference this dot message inside the super right here, super is executed before TypeScript
kind of jumps in and saves a reference to message on our instance.
So we cannot actually reference this message right there, but we can anytime after that safely, you'll
notice that error now goes away.
That's definitely better.
So then inside of here after that super.
We do also have to add in that little extra magic line of code just because we are extending a class
that is built into JavaScript.
So that was the object set prototype of this bad request error.
Dot prototype.
Like so.
And now, finally.
Right here.
We can reference this message.
And that should be it.
So let's now go back over to our signup request handler.
We're getting an air around battery quest here.
That is just because we have not imported it into this file.
So at the very top.
I'm going to make sure that I import bad request.
Here from up one directory errors.
Bad request error.
All right.
I'm going to save that.
I'm going to make sure I do not have any errors down here.
Yep.
Everything looks good.
I'm going to delete that commented out stuff.
I'm going to save the file once more and then I'll go back over to Postman and do a quick test of this.
Okay.
So at Postman, you'll notice that I've got a unique email enough in here, so I'm going to send this
off.
I have now signed up for a new account and now we're going to send the same exact request again and
we should end up seeing an error with the appropriate structure.
So remember, it should match that consistent response structure that we want to have for all of our
different errors that could possibly occur.
So we'll send it again.
And there we go.
Now I've got heirs.
It's the array of objects that has the message property that we are looking for.
Okay.
So this looks pretty good.
Well, I'd say that we are making progress, but we still have to handle that password hashing stuff.
We also need to make sure that we eventually take this signed and user and send back a cookie or JSON
web token, that stuff as well.
Let's take care of the password hashing in just a moment.